Wile E. Coyote (also known simply as "The Coyote") and The Road Runner are a duo of characters from the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies series of cartoons. In the cartoons, Coyote repeatedly attempts to catch and subsequently eat the Road Runner, a fast-running ground bird, but is never successful. In each episode, instead of a coyote's animal instincts, Coyote uses absurdly complex contraptions (sometimes in the manner of Rube Goldberg) and elaborate plans to pursue his prey, which always comically backfire.

The characters were created by animation director Chuck Jones in 1948 for Warner Bros., while the template for their adventures was the work of writer Michael Maltese. The characters star in a long-running series of theatrical cartoon shorts (the first 16 of which were written by Maltese) and occasional made-for-television cartoons. It was originally meant to parody chase cartoons like Tom and Jerry, but became popular in its own right.

The Coyote appears separately as an occasional antagonist of Bugs Bunny in five shorts from 1952 to 1963: Operation: Rabbit, To Hare Is Human, Rabbit's Feat, Compressed Hare, and Hare-Breadth Hurry. While he is generally silent in the Coyote-Road Runner shorts, he speaks with a refined accent in these solo outings (except for Hare-Breadth Hurry), introducing himself as "Wile E. Coyote — super genius", voiced with an upper-class accent by Mel Blanc.[1] The Road Runner vocalizes only with a signature sound, "Beep, Beep", recorded by Paul Julian, and an occasional "popping-cork" tongue noise.[2]

To date, 48 cartoons have been made featuring these characters (including the three CGI shorts), the majority by Chuck Jones.

Graffiti Research Lab, founded by Evan Roth and James Powderly during their fellowships at the Eyebeam OpenLab, is an art group dedicated to outfitting graffiti writers, artists and protesters with open source technologies for urban communication. The members of the group experiment in a lab and in the field to develop and test a range of experimental technologies. They document those efforts with video documentation and DIY instructions for each project and make it available for everybody. The GRL is particularly well known for inventing LED Throwies.

The Graffiti Research Lab is currently housed at Free Art and Technology Lab (a.k.a. FAT Lab), a non-profit research lab that supports artists, engineers, designers and entertainers whose work directly enriches the public domain. (FATLAB website)

Each extension of Graffiti Research Lab is called a cell. Localized cells were founded in Vienna,[1] Amsterdam,[2] and Mexico,[3] copying and extending the work of the NY based organization. For example, the inventions are reproduced and deployed locally and the exhibition of the MBU at Prix Ars Electronica was done in cooperation with GRL Vienna. The cells cooperate and communicate, but are not one formal organization.

I LIKE a look of agony,	
Because I know it ’s true;	
Men do not sham convulsion,	
Nor simulate a throe.	
  
The eyes glaze once, and that is death.	        
Impossible to feign	
The beads upon the forehead	
By homely anguish strung.

THE NIGHT was wide, and furnished scant	
With but a single star,	
That often as a cloud it met	
Blew out itself for fear.	
  
The wind pursued the little bush,	        
And drove away the leaves	
November left; then clambered up	
And fretted in the eaves.	
  
No squirrel went abroad;	
A dog’s belated feet	        
Like intermittent plush were heard	
Adown the empty street.	
  
To feel if blinds be fast,	
And closer to the fire	
Her little rocking-chair to draw,	        
And shiver for the poor,	
  
The housewife’s gentle task.	
“How pleasanter,” said she	
Unto the sofa opposite,	
“The sleet than May—no thee!”
At the violet hour, when the eyes and back	 
Turn upward from the desk, when the human engine waits	 
Like a taxi throbbing waiting,	 
I Tiresias, though blind, throbbing between two lives,	 
Old man with wrinkled female breasts, can see	 
At the violet hour, the evening hour that strives	 
Homeward, and brings the sailor home from sea,	 
The typist home at tea-time, clears her breakfast, lights	 
Her stove, and lays out food in tins.	 
Out of the window perilously spread	 
Her drying combinations touched by the sun’s last rays,	 
On the divan are piled (at night her bed)	 
Stockings, slippers, camisoles, and stays.	 
I Tiresias, old man with wrinkled dugs	 
Perceived the scene, and foretold the rest—	 
I too awaited the expected guest.	 
He, the young man carbuncular, arrives,	 
A small house-agent’s clerk, with one bold stare,	 
One of the low on whom assurance sits	 
As a silk hat on a Bradford millionaire.	 
The time is now propitious, as he guesses,	 
The meal is ended, she is bored and tired,	 
Endeavours to engage her in caresses	 
Which still are unreproved, if undesired.	 
Flushed and decided, he assaults at once;	 
Exploring hands encounter no defence;	 
His vanity requires no response,	 
And makes a welcome of indifference.	 
(And I Tiresias have foresuffered all	 
Enacted on this same divan or bed;	 
I who have sat by Thebes below the wall	 
And walked among the lowest of the dead.)	 
Bestows one final patronizing kiss,	 
And gropes his way, finding the stairs unlit…

